Improve Text Generation Instructions and Tests (#690)
Striveworks/valor: docs/metrics.md

## General Text Generation Metrics

> The general text generation metrics apply to a broad set of text generation tasks. These metrics don't compare to any groundtruths and don't require any contexts. The metrics are evaluated purely based on the predicted text.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The general text generation metrics apply to a broad set of text generation tasks. These metrics don't compare to any groundtruths and don't require any additional context. The metrics are evaluated purely based on the predicted text.
```

Reviewer: using the plural of "context" throughout these docs seems grammatically incorrect to me

Author: I changed the one you commented on above and I also changed "contradicts the contexts" to "contradicts any context", but for the most part the use of contexts seems correct. I looked at discussion online of how to use context vs contexts and I also copy and pasted a few sections into chatgpt to ask what was correct. In those sections, it said that the use of contexts was fine, and when I changed to context, it corrected it back to contexts. 

Was there any other spot in the docs where you felt the use of contexts was incorrect?
